eight bucks as I take you through the
colors I will just tell you this
actually debuted new this season it's
the size of a clutch we call it a pouch
pou Chet's as they're often called in
French are very hot right now
because it's a day to evening bag that
is tabletop size it can do this it can
do nighttime and it is largely one of
the most forgotten undervalued and
really missing pieces I think in terms
of a size and a handbag and a woman's
wardrobe so I immediately nabbed up one
of the colors that sadly I hope we get
it back in because it was this icy
silver here are two skins I don't know
if you heard Marc Fisher earlier but he
was saying that like the exotics are
beyond happening because obviously when
embossed well and in faux leather they
look like the true skins that they're
meant to mimic so here is your brown
snake $48 all leather here is your ivory
Snow Leopard and then your other colors
oh I just love these will tell you a
quick story in a second - here is a
ivory which actually is pretty chalky
white if you're hoping for vanilla or a
true cream you're not going to get it
this is a pretty chalky white then we
have a black all leather right down to
that tassel glorious and then two shades
that are happening in the buff kind of
category the darker one that looks a
little topi tan is terracotta so there's
that and then this is going to be our
petal pink which almost gives regulation
pink from like you know your ballerina
days brown snake is last call I'm just
going to line these up over here so the
backstory is for Christmas I gave my
sister-in-law a clutch it did not cost
48 dollars I will tell you over 40 to
whatever this is 48 because she lives in
Paris now and I just knew that for
evenings out and dinners that this would
be one of the most chic practical easy
cute and certainly as largely one of the
most trending silhouettes right now but
I knew that she didn't have it and why
did I know she didn't have it because I
until this bag came along didn't have it
I had been seeing clutches and pouches
become far and far more trendy and she
and sleek and cool you know you're at
lunch you're at dinner because it is the
perfect size that it can do casual
dayside right you just kind of hold it
like that sporty chic it does tabletop
so you're not hanging a bag off your
chair you're not you know putting it on
the ground when you're when you're
dining but then in the evening or when
you have like a maxi dress or a flowy
sundress or even a cute Lake lisa rinna
skirt with a tank top sometimes like
that big all-encompassing huge hobo
feels like a little too much for the
moment like it's just a whole lot of bag
so that's why clutches and pouches and
poo chats are becoming very cool and yet
you could easily throw that in a gym bag
there's not a ton to show you on the
inside I mean it's as simple as it goes
there's a little embossed leather logo
nameplate in there Geely of course is an
incredible line that is entirely
probably the most contemporary the most
inspired by Haute Couture that we have
here at QVC entirely ripped from the
runways of Milan and Paris hat they have
the bigger bags you know or three and
four hundred bucks
some of them 600 on QVC comm so the
other amazing thing was that when we had
this debut in the Sean says show not a
single person including me could believe
that it was all leather and then it's
Gigli and then it's 48 bucks it is
Italian leather so that really bears
calling out and because I own it in the
ice metallic which sadly is no longer
available I can't tell you enough how
supple and how versatile and how fresh
and how cool it is as a handbag style
because I kind of sort of guarantee up
until recently most of us most of you
probably thought of this size bag a
pouch or clutch as something purely done
for evening wear it's very high-end
palm-sized evening wear cocktail
handbags the cool thing now is that this
size this handheld clutch pouch size is
very casual and very dayside but it also
translates perfectly to night side when
you're wearing a cute little outfit when
you're wearing a great little cigarette
pant and a heel when you're wearing a
long maxi dress and you don't want to be
lugging around
this huge hobo or a bag that maybe a
satchel or a shoulder bag that kind of
dresses down the whole dress-up thing
that you're trying to pull off love it
and for 48 bucks you might not spend 148
on something this size you may not need
a clutch or a pouch or a pooch
you know this size that you're going to
spend 148 248 but for 48 bucks won't you
Italian leather
so brown snake is now gone don't you
love it are you good you did he did he
did okay so back story to this bag was
in p.m. style not too many weeks ago and
I was obsessed with it then because it's
the perfect sweet spot price it's the
perfect high-end Couture look it's the
perfect perfect scratch that itch give
me more feels like couture like I just I
think it is insane and when I ordered
mine now here I'll take you through the
colors we have remaining when I ordered
mine I just knew I do not have anything
in my wardrobe that completes this size
and this function and this occasion so
black sari
no no I'll stay where you are down here
is fine stay down here this is
terracotta its topi err it's brown ear
this is petal it looks like your ballet
shoes from like when you're in sixth
grade but like these colors of buff and
neutrals are so hot right now
Snow Leopard is the only printed exotic
of leather that we have left because the
brown just sold out what we call ivory
is not it is a chalky kind of optic
white and then black and even the tassel
is Italian leather the zipper is like
butter as well it should be and this is
the second time in the show that has
been my true true love which it is today
as well and I do want to tell you that
since we have a lot of Julian p.m. style
on Monday nights which is obviously like
a very elevated look it's really fresh
and fun to be able to have them in this
show which tends to be a more dayside
dressed down casual look so it proves to
you that this can do that by the way
this is not available and I also would
call out if you like me are
Angie Lee on March 26th which is what
six days from now so if today is Friday
Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday next Friday
is it next Friday maybe next Thursday
six days from now we are going to have a
Gigli today's special value I cannot
tell you what it is but I can tell you
it's so worth watching for so stay on
the phone lines to place your order for
this it is completely new this season
and has got to be one of my top five
things that Julie does including the
four leather jackets that I own from
Julie as well so there you go
new this season the Italian leather
couch a couple more things in his last
and 15 minutes of the show and then keep
in mind I'm going to be with you
tomorrow morning filling in for David
and Kirsten it'll be Amy strain and I on
Saturday morning q and a little
something when little something when is
coming up at midnight just say yen a
little when the ring that I always